# java-HangmanHangman made with Java, Made for EGR 120Cristhian BenitezVery fast creation of hangman done in class. Words are picked form an array, custom words can be added for the 2 player version.When you launch the program many different elements relating to the GUI are created. This includes but not limited to labels, buttons, textFields, listeners and more. Many of these can not be seen and are only active when you choose a specific game mode. On the same note, some of the elements that can be seen hide after you select a game mode. You can see all of this on elements that have the hide() or show() method. Im certain that there are better ways of doing this, but for the sake of time I took this simple approach. 1 Player:One player mode begins when you click the one player button. Once click a random number is generated. This random number is the value that we pass the arrayOfWords. arrayOfWords contains all the words I set that are possible in one player one. We also get an textField, here the user is able to input the letters. It is possible to enter more than one letter at a time however, therefor I put several checks in place to make sure that does that happen. In this case the user can only one letter at a time. The letter is then converted to a Character type. I created a 3 arrays. One array stores everything you entered, this was done to make sure you don’t enter the same letter more than once. Another array contains the word, this is perhaps the most important array in the whole program. It is used to compare what the user has entered and see if the letter they put in match, if they do match they are sent to another array that is “Dashes”, what this means is that I put dashes for letters that have not been guessed yet. 2 Players: 	Two player mode is begun the same way. These two game modes are actually the same thing; the only difference is that the Player 2 mode has an extra step.  